added WSL Troubleshooting and provided a solution to a common problem (fixed typos) (#2961)
nvm-sh/nvm: README.md

Now you should be able to use node as usual.

## WSL Troubleshooting

If you've encountered this error on WSL-2:

  ```sh
  curl -o- https://raw.githubusercontent.com/nvm-sh/nvm/v0.39.2/install.sh | bash
    % Total    % Received % Xferd  Average Speed   Time    Time     Time  Current
                                   Dload  Upload   Total   Spent    Left  Speed
    0     0    0     0    0     0      0      0 --:--:--  0:00:09 --:--:--     0curl: (6) Could not resolve host: raw.githubusercontent.com
  ```

> It may be due to your antivirus, VPN, or other reasons.
> 
> Where you can `ping 8.8.8.8` while you can't `ping google.com`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It may be due to your antivirus, VPN, or other reasons, where for example you can `ping 8.8.8.8` while you can’t `ping google.com`.
```
